update errors.md (#941)
ParsePlatform/Docs: _includes/common/errors.md

| `ServiceUnavailable`	           |    2 | The service is currently unavailable.                           |
| `ClientDisconnected`	           |    4 | Connection failure.                                             |
{: .docs_table}

> ## Custom Error Code Ranges

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Error Code Ranges
```

> In order to provide better organization and avoid conflicts in error codes, Parse Server has defined specific ranges for different types of errors and modules. This ensures a consistent and predictable approach to handling errors across various components of the Parse ecosystem.
> 
> 1. **Parse Server and Related Modules:** 
>    - Error Code Range: `<= 4999` (including negative numbers)
>    - This range is reserved exclusively for errors generated by Parse Server and its directly related modules. It includes all predefined errors listed in the documentation.
> 
> 2. **Developers (Custom App Errors):** 
>    - Error Code Range: `>= 9000 and <= 9999`
>    - Developers are encouraged to use this range for defining custom errors specific to their applications. This range is reserved to ensure that custom application errors do not conflict with those defined by Parse Server and its modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to provide better organization and avoid conflicts with Parse Platform's built-in `Parse.Error` codes, the following ranges are defined:

### Parse Server and Related Modules

- Error code range: `<= 4999` (including negative numbers)
- This range is reserved exclusively for errors generated by Parse Server and its directly related modules. It includes all predefined errors listed in the documentation.

### Reserved

- Error code range: `>= 5000 and <= 8999`
- This range is currently reserved for future use and should not be used by anyone.

### App Developers (Custom App Errors)

- Error code range: `>= 9000 and <= 9999`
- Developers may use this range for defining custom errors specific to their applications. This range is reserved to ensure that custom application errors do not conflict with those defined by Parse Server and its modules.

### 3rd Party Providers of Parse Platform Components

- We discourage from introducing new custom error codes in 3rd party components, as they may conflict with either of the reserved ranges mentioned above. Instead, use the general internal Parse Server error code `1` and add any specific information in the error message, or use another pre-defined error code of Parse Platform.
```
